Add: Guide page for map data with associated resources & snippet. (#156)
esi/esi-docs: docs/guides/map-data/index.md

# Map Data

## General Information

> Map/Geography data is available in the SDE or (partially) through ESI.  

Reviewer: Geography is the study of the Earth. Could say "Map data", or "Map/Universe data", or "Map/Cluster data".

> Map/Geography data is available in the SDE or (partially) through ESI.  

Reviewer: I would link the "SDE" and "ESI" words to their respective articles.

> Objects like Regions, Constellations, Solarsystems, Planets, Moons, and other celestial bodies have a position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Objects like Regions, Constellations, Solar systems, Planets, Moons, and other celestial bodies have a position.
```

Also, it's probably a style choice, but I'm unsure about the capitalisation of all these. Why "Constellations" is capitalised for example?

Author: I am not 100% sure what style of 'solarsystem' is most suitable here. Convention tends to be `SolarSystem` in the name of DB tables/columns & field names, which does imply a space so that's probably the most consistent.

W.r.t. capitalisation, after asking around it's probably best that I put it all in lowercase and when a glossary file is added to the documentation, update to link to the respective terms.

What happened here is that these terms were used as proper nouns; Referring to their data structures rather than the more general concept. This is done a few times in existing docs pages, but should probably be curtailed to only the cases where the connection between the general meaning of a word and it's EVE-specific meaning is unobvious.

Reviewer: To me, these are real world concepts and normal words, not proper nouns. A solar system is a solar system. I agree that when referring to database columns/table names, it could make sense to capitalize, as these are usually case-sensitive and then it actually makes a difference. But they are all lowercase in both the SDE YAML files and in ESI respones.

There are two kinds of position, each using their own coordinate system:  

* Relative to the center of the universe (Regions, Constellations, Solarsystems)  

>   The center of the universe lies near Zarzakh, labelled "Point of No Return" on the in-game map. (Or the red dot on the map below)  

Reviewer: I'm not a big lore person, but I don't think "the center of the universe lies near Zarzakh" is accurate. The CONCORD-mandated coordinate system for describing the New Eden cluster has it's origin point near Zarzakh.

In general, I would replace "universe" with "cluster" or "New Eden" in most places.

Author: Good catch on this being unclear. The concrete things that need to be conveyed is that all regions, including wormhole/abyss share this same origin point in their coordinate system, and that they're a large distance offset from the origin. (Though I am uncertain about the lore-canonicity of these positions)

It's probably best to switch the phrasing to 'cluster' and rephrase the bit around wormhole space to be a bit clearer.

* Relative to the center of a solarsystem (Planets, Moons, Stars, anything within a solarsystem)  

>   The center of a solarsystem is it's star (Note: The star objects themselves do not have a `position` field, as their position is implied to be `[0.0, 0.0, 0.0]`)

Reviewer: > The star objects themselves do not have a `position` field

Where? In the SDE? ESI? Both?

>   The center of a solarsystem is it's star (Note: The star objects themselves do not have a `position` field, as their position is implied to be `[0.0, 0.0, 0.0]`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The center of a solar system is its star (Note: The star objects themselves do not have a `position` field, as their position is implied to be `[0.0, 0.0, 0.0]`)
```

These coordinate systems have the same scale (1.0 = 1 meter). But different directions.  

## Universe

> All Regions (& Constellations, Solarsystems) share a single coordinate system. This includes the data for abyssal, wormhole-space, and void regions, though only the 'New Eden' solarsystems (`SolarSystemID` in the range `30,000,000 to 30,999,999`) are included on the in-game map.

Reviewer: What are void regions?

Author: Systems used for the tutorial and certain events. In the SDE they are grouped under `/void/`, ESI will return them as part of the `/regions/` route.

Maybe these (and abyssal/etc regions) should get an additional paragraph to explain what they are, their ID ranges for filtering them out, and their probably-irrelevance.

Reviewer: I mean, it would be useful to add what you wrote to the text. :)

When displayed by the in-game map & most community maps, the mapping convention is to look "top down" and oriented with the region of 'Venal' at the top as a fake "Space North". In this orientation, the coordinates have the following directions:

* `+X` is East/Right, `-X` is West/Left.
* `+Y` is Up, `-Y` is Down.
* `+Z` is North/Forward, `-Z` is South/Backward

Note: This forms a **Left**-Handed coordinate system. If you are using a 3D graphics or geometry library, it may expect either Left- or Right-Handed coordinates. Using incorrect handedness results in a 'mirrored' image. You can convert handedness by negating a single axis. (e.g. `[X, Y, -Z]`)

![New Eden map](./cluster_map.png)

> Certain objects (Regions, Constellations) have  `max` and `min` denoting rough bounding-boxes. But these are inconsistent with the position coordinates, the minimum and maximum `Z` values are negated. In most cases the `Z` position will not be in the range `Z_min to Z_max`, there are two workarounds:

Reviewer: I would specify where this happens (in the SDE data?).
